and rich we was leading the league in
field goal percentage but honors
dismissed - he would normally make
and again Fischer has a wide open three
Mary's and diving matzah coming away
Ellis of the open floor that's imported
out the three weaving his way in
blocked by Odum he's in they're not
running their brakes very efficiently
Jackson and all the way to the rim
Beatrix keeping it alive and Odom owns
the glass all these interior shots that
the Warriors are unable to hit and hold
them right down the lane to lay it up
and in and a blocking foul
first of all andris wasn't ready he was
running back and he did not have Duncan
it's just gonna use
good shooting shot clock at nine nearly
lost the handle just get past a Luke
Walton getting his first playing Simon
Walton shooting it well as if bars can
get a game banner past amante but Odom
with a block keep diverging pass
underneath and you see here if you go up
the other side of the rim thought about
the three
trying to get around Kobe
Booya sits in on barns dropping it off
the wall from the season Baron missing a
three well al Harrington has not had a
20 point night since the Boston win
February 20 now that's a month now
before that he had 16 22 came from the
weak side
instead police agent a and go be with
the Ricochet Fisher in a footrace we'll
miss the lamp and then Oldham piled as
he lays it in freeze primarily because
it worries a bit of that the shot clock
was reset
and Fischer shot was an airball I guess
it had changed possession very awful
pockets seven
New Jersey's bothering Toby shot clock
at four Odom on the baseline a blocking
foul and the bucket you're not going to
come from behind beautiful pass by Kobe
by the way didn't panic Ellis got there
just a little bit late we were staying
in that zone
like the two missing their old him
another rebound another layup what's
happening in the zone is up Herron
Joslin goofy it's been his quarter but
missing the three there the length of
all of them
rebound
fifteen after a career-high 22 Hold'em
rising in and laying it in
Gnaeus it's missing the three Kobe and
Jackson Kobe comes up with it to owe
them a good look and he drops it in
about energy Jackson wants an Baron have
played every minute of this game that's
because the words don't play again till
Thursday Don Nelson is emptying the
bucket here we've got a jump ball this
now becomes the biggest lead for the
Lakers Baron rising and the Warriors
it's been all jumpin e5 point
dispensing firing and the ease in that
unconscious zone in and lamar odom
oh by the way has 16 points and 17
rebounds and has played every minute of
the ball game and that's why the Lakers
are so much better this year Odom career
best field goal percentage career best
rebounding average and has figured out
his niche on this team if you make him
your tough to beat Darren
though beats walking at Jackson and Jack
I'm gonna get knocked away by Odom you
can just tell Jackson Baron but they're
causing some of their own frustration
nice
the foul line tomorrow has been
brilliant 18 and 18 now we've got to
start playing deep daesil twenty
thousand seven hundred and thirteen try
to shore
it may need to pitch a shutout here hold
him down
his plastic man
right around beacons an extended
beautiful finish
he does that a lot how about this move
because committed early on in the years
went by shades of Connie Hawkins
on their feet warriors need to one more
stop
hold of it three autumn wheeling Odom
drawing the foul
the Warriors will call timeout Oh fish
will come get it Fisher at 1:00 to win
the game overtime peel-off
there is down the laid out over the
block and then a foul
the father
a little horse shot here up and around
and under no time just state his ground
that's how to play for a big man
Barrington corner three
another 20 rebound night they'll be
looking for the lead
booyah stitch from deep long rebound
Odom is fouled
non-shooting lamar odom and his
career-high 22 rebounds last night how
about 21 rebounds tonight to go with 21
points fix it they're trying to spread
it out the Lakers
he likes to drive it and Boo usage
coming free and hits a three
convinced louia 6 to all of them right
at point-blank range
finished Moby is on Baron
Fisher just pulled Fisher bolt Monta
Ellis down that this is awful they pop
Delaney got completely fooled on this
play are they calling this an offensive
is called Derek Fisher grab the back of
Monta Ellis and tackled him and pulled
him on top of him this is atrocious
that this is as big a missed call as
you're ever going to see
getting tangled up Fisher writer grabs
it and pulls it down there it is well I
had a perfect angle on that and in this
this costs the game this is just wrong
it's not even basketball now Kobe's got
a mouse there but he won't care after
this one
Farmar with the steel of all matter on
the Lakers end up with a win
a wonderful game I'm sorry a pathetic
ending